refactor: rename project to ecifl2html (#6)
ec-intl/ecifl2html: README.md

# ecifl2html

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub search hit counter](https://img.shields.io/github/search/ec-intl/ecifl2html/ecifl2html)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ec-intl/ecifl2html)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/ec-intl/ecifl2html)

> `ecifl2html` is a Python package for converting Markdown text to HTML. It is a simple package that provides a single class, `MarkdownToHTML`, used to convert Markdown text to HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ecifl2html` is a Python package for converting formatted text to HTML. It is a simple package that provides a single class, `FormattedTextToHTML`, used to convert formatted text to HTML.
```
